Standardize publications using Zotero API (#474)
hms-dbmi/gehlenborglab-website: _publications/gehlenborg-2013-cell-glioblastoma.md

  - nils-gehlenborg
type: article
year: 2013
publisher: "https://linkinghub.elsevier.com/retrieve/pii/S0092867413012087"
doi: "10.1016/j.cell.2013.09.034"
zotero-key: "DTD69EJE"
cite:

>   authors: "CW Brennan, RGW Verhaak, A McKenna, B Campos, H Noushmehr, SR Salama, S Zheng, D Chakravarty, JZ Sanborn, SH Berman, R Beroukhim, B Bernard, CJ Wu, G Genovese, I Shmulevich, J Barnholtz-Sloan, L Zou, R Vegesna, SA Shukla, G Ciriello, WK Yung, W Zhang, C Sougnez, T Mikkelsen, K Aldape, DD Bigner, EG Van Meir, M Prados, A Sloan, KL Black, J Eschbacher, G Finocchiaro, W Friedman, DW Andrews, A Guha, M Iacocca, BP O’Neill, G Foltz, J Myers, DJ Weisenberger, R Penny, R Kucherlapati, CM Perou, DN Hayes, R Gibbs, M Marra, GB Mills, E Lander, P Spellman, R Wilson, C Sander, J Weinstein, M Meyerson, S Gabriel, PW Laird, D Haussler, G Getz, L Chin, The Cancer Genome Atlas Research Network (incl. N Gehlenborg)"

Author: ```suggestion
  authors: "CW Brennan, RGW Verhaak, A McKenna, B Campos, H Noushmehr, SR Salama, S Zheng, D Chakravarty, JZ Sanborn, SH Berman, R Beroukhim, B Bernard, CJ Wu, G Genovese, I Shmulevich, J Barnholtz-Sloan, L Zou, R Vegesna, SA Shukla, G Ciriello, WK Yung, W Zhang, C Sougnez, T Mikkelsen, K Aldape, DD Bigner, EG Van Meir, M Prados, A Sloan, KL Black, J Eschbacher, G Finocchiaro, W Friedman, DW Andrews, A Guha, M Iacocca, BP O’Neill, G Foltz, J Myers, DJ Weisenberger, R Penny, R Kucherlapati, CM Perou, DN Hayes, R Gibbs, M Marra, GB Mills, E Lander, P Spellman, R Wilson, C Sander, J Weinstein, M Meyerson, S Gabriel, PW Laird, D Haussler, G Getz, L Chin, *The Cancer Genome Atlas Research Network* (incl. N Gehlenborg)"
```

>   authors: "CW Brennan, RGW Verhaak, A McKenna, B Campos, H Noushmehr, SR Salama, S Zheng, D Chakravarty, JZ Sanborn, SH Berman, R Beroukhim, B Bernard, CJ Wu, G Genovese, I Shmulevich, J Barnholtz-Sloan, L Zou, R Vegesna, SA Shukla, G Ciriello, WK Yung, W Zhang, C Sougnez, T Mikkelsen, K Aldape, DD Bigner, EG Van Meir, M Prados, A Sloan, KL Black, J Eschbacher, G Finocchiaro, W Friedman, DW Andrews, A Guha, M Iacocca, BP O’Neill, G Foltz, J Myers, DJ Weisenberger, R Penny, R Kucherlapati, CM Perou, DN Hayes, R Gibbs, M Marra, GB Mills, E Lander, P Spellman, R Wilson, C Sander, J Weinstein, M Meyerson, S Gabriel, PW Laird, D Haussler, G Getz, L Chin, C Benz, J Barnholtz-Sloan, W Barrett, Q Ostrom, Y Wolinsky, KL Black, B Bose, PT Boulos, M Boulos, J Brown, C Czerinski, M Eppley, M Iacocca, T Kempista, T Kitko, Y Koyfman, B Rabeno, P Rastogi, M Sugarman, P Swanson, K Yalamanchii, IP Otey, YS Liu, Y Xiao, JT Auman, PC Chen, A Hadjipanayis, E Lee, S Lee, PJ Park, J Seidman, L Yang, R Kucherlapati, S Kalkanis, T Mikkelsen, LM Poisson, A Raghunathan, L Scarpace, B Bernard, R Bressler, A Eakin, L Iype, RB Kreisberg, K Leinonen, S Reynolds, H Rovira, V Thorsson, I Shmulevich, MJ Annala, R Penny, J Paulauskis, E Curley, M Hatfield, D Mallery, S Morris, T Shelton, C Shelton, M Sherman, P Yena, L Cuppini, F DiMeco, M Eoli, G Finocchiaro, E Maderna, B Pollo, M Saini, S Balu, KA Hoadley, L Li, CR Miller, Y Shi, MD Topal, J Wu, G Dunn, C Giannini, BP O'Neill, BA Aksoy, Y Antipin, L Borsu, SH Berman, CW Brennan, E Cerami, D Chakravarty, G Ciriello, J Gao, B Gross, A Jacobsen, M Ladanyi, A Lash, Y Liang, B Reva, C Sander, N Schultz, R Shen, ND Socci, A Viale, ML Ferguson, QR Chen, JA Demchok, LAL Dillon, KRM Shaw, M Sheth, R Tarnuzzer, Z Wang, L Yang, T Davidsen, MS Guyer, BA Ozenberger, HJ Sofia, J Bergsten, J Eckman, J Harr, J Myers, C Smith, K Tucker, C Winemiller, LA Zach, JY Ljubimova, G Eley, B Ayala, MA Jensen, A Kahn, TD Pihl, DA Pot, Y Wan, J Eschbacher, G Foltz, N Hansen, P Hothi, B Lin, N Shah, J Yoon, C Lau, M Berens, K Ardlie, R Beroukhim, SL Carter, AD Cherniack, M Noble, J Cho, K Cibulskis, D DiCara, S Frazer, SB Gabriel, N Gehlenborg, J Gentry, D Heiman, J Kim, R Jing, ES Lander, M Lawrence, P Lin, W Mallard, M Meyerson, RC Onofrio, G Saksena, S Schumacher, C Sougnez, P Stojanov, B Tabak, D Voet, H Zhang, L Zou, G Getz, NN Dees, L Ding, LL Fulton, RS Fulton, KL Kanchi, ER Mardis, RK Wilson, SB Baylin, DW Andrews, L Harshyne, ML Cohen, K Devine, AE Sloan, SR VandenBerg, MS Berger, M Prados, D Carlin, B Craft, K Ellrott, M Goldman, T Goldstein, M Grifford, D Haussler, S Ma, S Ng, SR Salama, JZ Sanborn, J Stuart, T Swatloski, P Waltman, J Zhu, R Foss, B Frentzen, W Friedman, R McTiernan, A Yachnis, DN Hayes, CM Perou, S Zheng, R Vegesna, Y Mao, R Akbani, K Aldape, O Bogler, GN Fuller, W Liu, Y Liu, Y Lu, G Mills, A Protopopov, X Ren, Y Sun, CJ Wu, WKA Yung, W Zhang, J Zhang, K Chen, JN Weinstein, L Chin, RGW Verhaak, H Noushmehr, DJ Weisenberger, MS Bootwalla, PH Lai, TJ Triche, DJ Van Den Berg, PW Laird, DH Gutmann, NL Lehman, EG VanMeir, D Brat, JJ Olson, GM Mastrogianakis, NS Devi, Z Zhang, D Bigner, E Lipp, R McLendon"

Author: ```suggestion
  authors: "CW Brennan, RGW Verhaak, A McKenna, B Campos, H Noushmehr, SR Salama, S Zheng, D Chakravarty, JZ Sanborn, SH Berman, R Beroukhim, B Bernard, CJ Wu, G Genovese, I Shmulevich, J Barnholtz-Sloan, L Zou, R Vegesna, SA Shukla, G Ciriello, WK Yung, W Zhang, C Sougnez, T Mikkelsen, K Aldape, DD Bigner, EG Van Meir, M Prados, A Sloan, KL Black, J Eschbacher, G Finocchiaro, W Friedman, DW Andrews, A Guha, M Iacocca, BP O’Neill, G Foltz, J Myers, DJ Weisenberger, R Penny, R Kucherlapati, CM Perou, DN Hayes, R Gibbs, M Marra, GB Mills, E Lander, P Spellman, R Wilson, C Sander, J Weinstein, M Meyerson, S Gabriel, PW Laird, D Haussler, G Getz, L Chin, The Cancer Genome Atlas Research Network (incl. N Gehlenborg)"
```
